Please answer following questions:

	1. Demographics

		Junior, CS + X and my X is business ( I was an IS major)

		CS 112: A-
		CS 212: taking right now

	2. Technical

		Java applications
			I took AP computer science Java in High school. I didn't take CS 108 because of that.
			
			I was the head programmer and electrical person for GHHS FIRST Robotics team 3546 my senior year after Andrew, the senior during my
			Junior year left. I programmed the robot in Java. https://github.com/FRC3546/Competition-Robot-2017


		Portable device applications (Android? iOS?)
			none
		GPS-based systems
			none
		Database-driven web sites or services
			none
		If so, what (briefly) have you done?

		Have you used any of the following tools:

		Slack
			We used Slack at work about 4 years ago, havent used it since
		Trello
			Havent' used it
		Git and/or GitHub
			Used it for writing and debugging robot code for FIRST Robotics with about 3 laptops. Also used Github for a Vector Calculus program
			I wrote first semester freshman year for fun. It's a pretty basic program, but it was a good learning experience becuase
			I expanded on templates and classes that I learned in class with Professor Adams. https://github.com/mvanmeurs/MatrixOperations

		If so, what have you used an how (briefly) have you used it?

		Do you have any Android devices and, if so, what sort of devices are they and what version of Android do they run?
		If you’d prefer to develop on another portable platform, indicate which one and whether you have a device that runs it.
			I have a Pixel 3 running the latest version of Android 9 with security patch from August 1 in case you were interested :)

		What project or projects would you like to work on. Include at least one tractable project, say from the previous lab exercise or from the suggested projects in the team project specification.
		If you’d like, talk to other students or use the Moodle forum to form groups interested in particular project ideas.
			I'm interested in working with Catherine DeJager if I can't do my book or landlord project, but I haven't seen many project ideas yet on the forum.

	3. Personality

		What is your big-five personality type? (See the reading guide for how to determine this. Please, give the five trait values only.)
			O = .54
			C = .6
			E = .375
			A = .54
			N = .54

		Is there anyone you’d really like (or not like!) to work with? We’ll do our best to honor your requests here.
			nope

	Is there anything else you’d like us to know about you before assigning you to a project team?
		none